since its founding in 1964
kiff Co has been the industry leader in
designing and manufacturing traveling
irrigation systems wire Kiska water
reels better than the competition
kiff Kobe's series water reels are
proudly made in the USA and are sold
through the largest and most
well-trained network of authorized
dealers in North America family-owned
and based in central Illinois
kiff co proudly stands behind every
machine we make in 2011
kiff cozy 110 water reel and solar panel
charger received an AE 50 award from the
American Society of agricultural and
biological engineers for outstanding
innovation and engineering and
technology for a sustainable world
kiff cozbie series water reels are often
copied but never duplicated
kiff co success is proven by over thirty
thousand machines sold and a network of
over three hundred kiff Co dealers to
provide you with outstanding support
whether you are watering a football
field garden riding arena or pasture
Kisco has the perfect water reel for
your application
our water reels are so durable that we
have customers calling in for repair
parts on machines that have been in the
field for over 30 years
I've looked at several products that
have the same concept as the water real
in other words a real mounted hose and
we were sold on the water real and we
were researching it because of its it's
much better build quality in parts in
another life I was a metal fabricator
and used to build a lot of different
products for the convention services and
so I have a fair amount of knowledge on
construction of a product and the water
reel is in a class all its own compared
to any of its competition in fact it's
not even competition for me it's it's a
product that's built to last and it's a
product that can easily be moved it's a
product that you can reuse again in our
dressage Arina and then we also use it
in our pastures and paddocks for
watering then when I was having problems
with my B 140 I called upon the product
sport team at Kipp Co the service I
received was second to none because of
their efforts I will always turn to Kipp
go for my irrigation equipment their
customer service deeply impressed me
kiff cozbie series water reels are
welded and assembled right here in
central Illinois by skilled craftsman to
assure product quality and durability
go with the durable machine that is
proudly made in America let kif go show
you how our products are superior give
us a call at one eight hundred forty
seven zero one seven or visit us online
at
don't settle for less only trust the
water real
you